---
layout: post
title: 36 questions for me
lang: en
tags: autisme persoonlijk
ref: 36vragen
description: Something different. 36 different questions to me that I answer
  in this blog. Think of it as an opportunity to get to know me better.
image: "/assets/img/questions.jpg"
pingback: https://gewoonautastisch.nl/36-serieuze-vragen-om-jezelf-te-leren-kennen/
date: 2020-01-15 10:12 +0100
---
Something different today. On different blogs you will come across them, the lists of questions generally asked to people to get to know each other better. So there are 36 of them and I try to answer them all below. If you have any more questions about this question and answer session, please let me know via for example [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WesterinkDavid) or [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/myautisticself/) :smile:

But now, without further delay, the questions and answers:

## Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
I have called myself an introvert for years. Nowadays I'm not so sure. I think I fall somewhere between the two extremes. Although I am very fond of my own space and certainly need it to recharge, I also enjoy talking to people and going out with friends. Unfortunately I don't do the latter enough, largely for financial reasons.

## Suppose you only have a year to live, what would you do?
Say goodbye to friends and family. Put things in order. Show my children how to deal with the impending death. And maybe some less beautiful things I'd better not make public.

## What did you want to be as a child?
Policeman. That seemed like a great job. Unfortunately, the physical aspect is too difficult for me.

## What are you saving money for now?
Not something specific. I'm trying to build up a buffer for the summer break so I can do something fun with the kids.

## What's the biggest success of your life?
This is a very difficult one, actually... I think it's this blog now. Writing about autism has become a passion of mine and the reactions I get are generally positive.

## How would you describe your lifestyle?
Like a scatterbrain trying to live in a structured way. Looking at life in a positive way, with some distrust for the world.

## Three things you love unconditionally?
1. My children
2. Myself
3. My first girlfriend

## How would you like to be remembered?
As someone who has had a positive influence on the world. As someone who is different from most people, but not "less". My hope is that when my name is pronounced, there will be a smile on your face.

## What's your dream job?
That was once a policeman or a detective. I thought that was just great work, in spite of everything.
Nowadays it's more like being a speaker or a writer on autism and a lawyer for the acceptance of autism. And I'm working on that right now.

## Who do you trust with your life?
My proposition is that I can never trust anyone 100%. But with my life, I trust my best friend. She and I can always depend on each other.

## Suppose money wasn't a problem. What'd you do?
If it really wasn't a problem, I'd try to structurally solve the world's poverty. So don't just give people money, but make sure that people get education, hospitals, access to work in their own country, a prospect of a better life. I think that's how we help humanity as a whole.

## What would you never joke about?
That's more up to the public than me. I think you can make jokes about anything. That's the beauty of jokes. When a "joke" goes too far, I always ask myself, "Why is this too far?"...

## What are you insecure about?
In the past, my self-confidence has gotten quite a dent. I'm still working on that. So my own capabilities are something I'm insecure about.

## What do you value most about friendship?
Accepting each other. Honesty and openness. Even if you disagree, or rather, just then. And friends who understand that time says little to me :wink:

## How do you deal with negative people?
Depends on them. I'm always willing to show people the positive side of life. But if, for example, they only attack me in a negative way... Yeah, then there's the hole in the door... I'm quite capable of putting people out of my life if I want to.

## Tattoos and piercings, what do you think?
All right. I've got one tattoo of my own. What you do with your own body is up to you. But people are free to judge you on that. If they don't know you otherwise, looks are something people go for. Of course it also depends on the place and quality of the work. One tattoo is beautiful, while another is absolutely horrible.

The same goes for piercings. Place and quality are important. I don't have one myself, and I don't have the need. But I have no problems with other people's piercings. Their bodies, their choice.

## Do you believe in true love?
Yes, I do.

## Your most favorite song/book or movie?
Movie: Dances with Wolves

Song: So depends on the moment, I don't have any...

Book: Not one book, but I'm a fan of Raymond E. Feist and all his books.

## What's your favorite season of the year?
Winter! Without hesitation.

## What gives you the ultimate relaxation?
Sleep?

## What's the message you want to share with the world?
You mean, besides everything on my blog?

Well, that we have to learn to live together and accept each other as they are. That land borders are obsolete and that we have a planet to take care of. That waging war, killing each other for money or country or religion, is absurd. That people have to take care of each other. Don't hate each other.

## Who inspires you most and why?
Christa Holmans has become a great example to me over the past year. She exposes many misconceptions about autism and neurodiversity. She is a very nice person to listen to and she has good points she talks about.

## What qualities do you admire in others?
Honesty, sincerity and openness. And if they are good at organizing (because I really can't)

## What would you like to try out?
Oh, so many things... Both legal and illegal haha. For instance, I'd like to skydiving, even though I'd be shitfaced. Or firing heavy weapons, just for the feel of it. Or sailing in a submarine... So many things I'd love to do.

## What's something you're sure you'll never experience?
Pregnancy.

## What do you think are the 5 most beautiful things in the world?
- People who are open and honest with each other
- The development of knowledge within science
- Unspoiled nature, of which there is very little yet
- Real love between people, that gives me hope for the future
- A big thunderstorm.

## What's your most precious memory?
Drowning in the eyes of my first love.

## What practical skill would you like and why?
To be able to plan and estimate. I have some problems with that, and I know it can lead to frustration with myself and others. So that's something I'd like to be better at.

However, I also know that the lack of internal structure leads to problems in this area and this is not easily solved. There are ways to deal with this and so I accept that it is not my strength side.

## What is your very best daily activity?
Not daily, but there are some series (both on Twitch and YouTube) that I like to follow. One of them comes (almost) daily and I really enjoy watching them.

## Who would you like to go on a date with?
If I have to choose to have a "date" right now, I would choose Christa Holmans (@neurodiverserebel). I think it would be great to be able to talk to her about the work she does for the neurodivers community and to get tips on how to do more. As I wrote before, she is a great inspiration to me.

## What are you most thankful for in your life?
The power to start over and discover myself as I really am.

## You wake up and have a new gift/quality, which one would that be?
Ever since I read about it I have had the fantasy to be telepathic. To be able to read thoughts and speak in someone's mind. So of course that would be fantastic!

## What's your biggest fear?
Losing my children.

## What makes you a strange bird?
Oh so many things! I'm not a neurotypical person, so a lot of things about me will be considered "strange" to people. So I'd say read the rest of my blog!

## What do you like best about yourself?
I think what I like most about myself is my openness and tolerance. However, it sounds really weird to me to find something I like most about myself.

## What's your ideal day like?
My ideal day is a day in which I feel productive. Where I feel that I have contributed something to society and/or the people around me. I don't have a specific "day" course in my head. I prefer to look at what's left under the line.
